[RIN] You're saying you honestly
don't know who this man is?
Truly?
No. Not a man. A demon.
A traitor who rose
against our late queen.
Then stopping him
is my ticket home.
Make me a promise.
If I take him down,
you let us leave.
You allow my friends
and I to cross the border.
All we want is to leave
the Sovereignty.
That sounds like a "yes."
[SALINGER]
I fail to understand.
Why would someone from the
Empire protect the likes of her?
Why draw your swords against me?
No, don't think too hard.
Your answer means
nothing either way.
I'll crush you.
[ALICE]
Move with haste!
[SCHWARTZ]
Ah, so this is where you are.
Please, come inside.
The alert is still in effect.
It's not safe out here.
[SISBELL] Do you know what
this is all about, Schwartz?
[SCHWARTZ] We believe the
Empire's assassination force
was spotted within our borders.
How they got past is unknown.
As if that weren't enough.
Salinger the Demon has
broken free of his cell
in Alcatroz.
Which is perhaps an
even graver threat.
We're unsure if these
two events are related.
But rest assured we're
using all of our resources
to investigate.
[SISBELL]
I see.
[SCHWARTZ] There is another
thing that concerns me.
I am told Princess Aliceliese
is at the prison
and has taken command
of the situation herself.
It seems too much
of a coincidence
that she just so happened
to be in the Province.
[SISBELL]
My sister's involved?
What's this?
Interesting.
Some have been able
to block my astral art,
Roaring Song, before.
But no one has ever
literally sliced through it.
Sound‐based powers are invisible
and destructive
forces by nature.
You couldn't possibly
have seen the attack.
[ISKA] It wasn't the attack
itself that I observed.
He saw the fire flicker.
Impressive.
You're able to sense
the slightest changes
in your surroundings.
A useful trait.
I wasn't born with this ability.
[SALINGER] Is it a side‐show
skill, or a gift from god?
Is it a talent?
Or simply a fluke?
No matter.
I'll enjoy finding out
as we fight.
Swordsman, you must
be on your guard.
That power is called
water reflection.
It captures astral
spirits and steals‐‐Gah!
Rin!
Do not ruin my fun, maid.
I'd prefer to play with
this Imperial alone
for the time being.
[SALINGER]
Solid reflexes.
How did you evade that attack?
Instinct.
But that will only
get you so far.
What a pity.
Enough.
I'll finish this
with one strike.
What are you?
A human, or a beast in disguise?
[SALINGER laughs]
That gave me a fright.
What a treat.
A barrier of wind?
[SALINGER] That was your
one‐in‐a‐million chance
of catching me by surprise.
Those swords will never
get that close again.
You're wrong.
And that shield won't save you!
Taste the dirt, you worm.
Astral spirit of earth.
Scorch the ground.
Channel your fury
into a deadly blast!
Jump, quick!
[ISKA]
I owe you.
Don't read into my warning.
I had no choice.
Truth is...
It's fortunate that you're here.
I have no idea
how many more cards
he has up his sleeve.
But we'll stop him.
[SALINGER]
More cards, you say? Ha.
Your naivete shouldn't
surprise me,
but I haven't revealed
the scope of my abilities
in the last 30 years.
Listen closely.
Let me broaden your horizons.
The true power of the
astral spirit is far greater
than you can imagine.
You have yet to
glimpse its potential
and will die in the dark.
[ALICE] Emergency response
teams, search for Salinger!
Police officers will take
care of the injured!
Leave me to deal with the fire!
Prison guards,
you'll join the search
for the escaped demon.
We cannot allow him
to unleash more chaos.
We'll stop him!
[NAMELESS]
How pointless.
Salinger will wreak havoc
because no one can
stand against him.
Saint Disciple.
Called Nameless.
This nation is my home.
A lowly assassin is
not welcome here.
[NAMELESS] How ludicrous
for a witch to think of me
as inferior.
[ALICE]
Is this your doing?
Attacking the prison
and releasing Salinger
is an absurd gamble.
[NAMELESS]
Does that matter right now?
Focus on what's in front of you.
The prison tower is in flames,
and Salinger the Transcendent
will once again
wage war against the
Sovereignty.
That's what should worry you.
I won't allow it.
[NAMELESS]
Is that so?
[ALICE]
Pierce him!
[NAMELESS] Did you think
you'd have an advantage
since this is your realm?
You're hiding?
That doesn't seem your style.
Step forward and fight me.
[NAMELESS]
As you wish.
But not until
Salinger is finished.
For now, my mission is over.
Come back!
[explosion]
[ALICE]
It's him.
[RIN] Astral spirit
of water reflection.
[SALINGER] This power allows me
to split another astral spirit
in half.
Fire and water.
Earth and wind.
Yin and yang.
By combining the two
contradictory concepts,
the elements both
gather more power.
It is the state of refinement
that no individual
astral spirit can
hope to attain.
Freezing fire!
[ISKA]
Fall back, Rin!
The blaze grew stronger?
You disrupted the balance
between fire and ice.
A fatal mistake, I fear.
Now you die.
Iska!
Salinger. You monster.
Is this the reason you
collect astral spirits?
[SALINGER]
Not quite.
This is just a happy by‐product.
In fact, combining one
astral spirit with another
is within the power of any mage.
What I see on the horizon
is something much greater.
My goal is to combine
human and spirit.
You would fuse the two together?
[SALINGER] Only two people
in history have reached
that level of ascendance.
One was Founder Nebulis.
[RIN]
What are you saying?
[SALINGER] I'll rule this world,
but as something more
than a king.
I will ascend to a pulpit
of power that none
have ever reached before.
You're insane.
Hear me, traitor!
You're an enemy
to the royal family!
And must be put down!
[SALINGER]
You still wish to fight?
You've saw how poorly that
skilled swordsman faired.
[RIN]
You know nothing about Iska.
My master has faced him,
and she acknowledged
that he is her only true rival.
Furthermore, he defeated
the Founder,
someone you hope to surpass.
You underestimate him.
Really? Well, I doubt
that very much.
Perhaps you're lying.
[RIN] It'd take more
than an attack like that
to take Iska out.
So I'm playing my part.
Listening to your
egomaniacal speech to stall
for his recovery.
What a bore.
I've grown tired of your face.
You can join him.
[ISKA]
Wrong target, Demon!
But how?
[SALINGER]
You couldn't have survived that!
[ISKA]
These astral swords are a pair.
The black blade can cut
through an astral art.
Then the white sword
has the power to
replicate it one time.
[SALINGER]
Hold on.
You used your sword
to cut through the ice
and then used the other
to freeze yourself
in order to escape the blaze?
Are you a madman?
Just lucky.
Alice trusted me.
And I swear I won't
let her down!
Luck, you say? I think not.
You're just a
senseless berserker!
Air and lightning.
Combine! Dance for me!
A sandstorm?
Earth Golem! Come forth!
Rin!
Don't worry about me!
You can't let him defeat you!
How dare you!
Common trash.
What?
[ALICE] You will not
harm her any further.
My Lady.
[ALICE]
You did well.
Thank you for persevering.
Iska. I knew you would help me.
You won't prevail!
Don't be such a fool!
A mere swordsman could
never hope to stand
against someone of my stature!
I won't allow it!
[SALINGER laughs]
How very amusing!
Fate granted me a truly
formidable opponent
at last.
But this attempt to
stop me from reaching
new heights as an
astral mage will fail.
Mark my words!
Nothing can hold me
back or stop me
from achieving my goals.
[SALINGER laughing]
[RIN] Lady Alice, we've
confirmed the prisoner count.
No one escaped.
[ALICE]
Good. That's a relief.
Rin. How are your injuries?
I'm fine, ma'am.
Oh? So this scrape doesn't hurt?
Ow! What would you do that for?
[ALICE]
You don't have to act so stoic.
This is me you're talking to.
You can be honest.
I am in a little pain.
[ALICE chuckles]
Was that hard?
[ALICE]
Brief me on the situation.
[RIN]
Of course.
Things have settled down
around the prison.
It's likely that the Imperial
soldiers have retreated.
We've already sent preliminary
reports to Her Majesty.
[ALICE]
All right. In that case...
I'll give her a full
account of events
once we're back at the palace.
Iska.
You could have fled this
province as soon as you
unlocked your handcuffs.
But you didn't.
[ISKA]
I kept my promise.
We're good, aren't we?
[ALICE]
No! We're not good!
[RIN]
Lady Alice?
I almost thanked him,
but that wouldn't be right!
Iska was obligated to help me!
Those were the unspoken
terms of the deal.
Now. Let's go!
There's so much I need
to report to Mother
and we're wasting time.
[RIN]
Um... Right.
[NAMELESS] You struggled more
than I thought you would.
[RISYA sighs]
Woo, I was burning up in there!
I thought I was gonna die
from heat exhaustion.
I will never wear
another airtight metal
fiber suit as long as I live.
I could barely stand
to fight for more than
a couple minutes.
This thing wore me out
and I had to retreat.
[NAMELESS] Risya, you don't
even need a toy like that
to defeat an opponent.
It's all part of my research.
How'd things go with you?
[NAMELESS] Two special forces
succeeded in infiltrating
the Central Province.
We can now begin
to surveil the palace.
That's lovely news.
The Apostles might even
be in a good mood
for a few days.
[NAMELESS]
I assume you're off to report.
To the Emperor?
That I am.
Can't keep him waiting.
You know who he's
really interested in?
The former prisoner Iska,
Successor of the Black Steel.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] Risya and
Nameless have returned from
their missions.
[F GREAT APOSTLE A] The Nebulis
Sovereignty is shaken.
The ordeal with Salinger
caught them off guard.
[GREAT APOSTLE B]
Count it a success in our favor.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] It would
be ideal if the purebred
had been captured,
but all in due time.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
The stage is set.
Wow, good news.
It was a real pain getting
inside, but leaving there
was a piece of cake!
You guys are crazy.
I can't believe that we met
up in the Sovereignty.
Honestly...
I'm surprised you made it past
the border in the first place.
Yes, I agree.
Thank goodness for
our researchers.
They're the reason
this was a success.
The special crest?
Right. Our trump card.
Risya says they should
disappear in a few days.
Time was not on our side.
I see.
[MISMIS]
Huh?
Big sigh. You must be so tired.
[ISKA]
Nah, I'll be fine.
I can push through until
we return to the Empire.
But yeah. I am exhausted.
[ISKA]
Hey, wait!
It's Alice's fault
that I'm so beat.
What was that? Alice?
Oh, no, no, nothing!
I was half asleep.
I'm glad to see you're
doing all right, Captain.
Oh, yeah!
I'm just happy to have you back!
Me, too. So, uh...
What about your astral crest?
You probably figured out
what to do about it, right?
Captain?
[MISMIS]
No! Don't remind me!
I haven't been able
to come to terms
with my situation yet.
[whines]
[ISKA]
Don't tell me you forgot.
[MISMIS] I was too
worried about you, Iska!
You'll think of a plan when
we get back, won't you?
Yeah, of course!
Don't worry.
It's my turn to help you.
I won't fail.
[ALICE]
Rin.
You fought well and
stood your ground.
I couldn't be prouder of you.
Ma'am, I am humbled
by your words.
[ALICE]
What is it?
It's just...
I tried my best.
But I couldn't have
beaten the demon
on my own.
[ALICE]
I know.
Then how exactly
do you feel about me?
What am I to you?
A fierce rival.
Iska.
My Lady.
I'm concerned I just heard
you say an unsavory word.
[ALICE]
Think nothing of it!
He and I are official now!
We're official rivals!
It's fine for me
to say his name.
[RIN]
Quite the opposite!
Though... I guess...
That Imperial swordsman
did save my life.
I must admit,
however reluctantly,
that even though he's our enemy,
he's a respectable warrior.
So!
You get where I'm coming from.
In a way.
But you still must refrain
from speaking his name.
Especially when you're here.
But, Rin.
I'll tell Her Majesty.
Fine.
[RIN]
What is it?
Nothing.
You just worry too much.
[RIN]
I'm only stating the obvious!
Yeah, yeah.
You always have a level head.
Iska? An Imperial soldier?
Alice is interested in
this person as her rival.
Who is it?
That name. Iska.
No way.
It can't be him.
That's impossible.
Stars of fate.
I will not succumb
to your temptation.
But... If I could see
that boy again...
Just once. Please. Make it so.